Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
My fury is matched only by
your patheticness.
This should be a fight.
but you are worthless.
Look at your ears
so flippy-floppy.
You are only worth death.
Even your sniffer comes off easy.
You are not a warrior.
You are a poor plaything even for an Orcling.
This patheticness...
patheticness brings me fury.
I do not come to mercifully
end the lives of the worthless.
I come for the honour of glorious deaths.
so that my people may be rich in plunder.
I come for WAR
War is coming
I smell your blood!
Why do you plague me?
Where do your warriors hide?
I come to you now Warshaman.
I have waited.
We felt the Warpath open.
We will move. now we have spoken.
I am still hunting. something is wrong.
My bloodrage was frustration.
Your bloodstone is full.
Otherwise we would not share our thoughts.
kin to kin?
Yes. I am killing. but
Few are worthy of your warsword. I know.
Save some for us.
WAR is coming.
Why are so many death-touched here?
You kill my wolf. trap and destroy my wyvern.
yet have nothing for me?
Spirits beckon us. yet the winds warn us. unusual.
Fight.
orcish sign language
(hands up = kill me)
(hands down = no fight)
What are you doing?
Yes. Fight!
orcish sign language
(hands up = kill me)
Fine.
Come on now. make up your mind.
You are almost intelligent.
You act like a goblin.
At least goblins are useful.
There is no honour in this.
Pathetic.
Nor this.
I come for WAR!
I do not come to play with...
Goat's Bladders!
Goblin's Testicals!
Harpie's Scales!
Or spineless ent-huggers!
You are all flippy-floppies.
No spine. No strength.
This is why we came to broker...
Broker peace with you.
You are not worth killing.
But you could be useful.
have purpose
and meaning
in your lives.
But even though we come with
no weapons. you hide.
No-one to talk to.
Search the buildings. I will talk to them.
Do not harm them.
They will serve us like the goblins.
Bring us food. find us metals.
We wanted to let you do useful things. feed us.
But...
then you scream war cry...
and everyone knows. you scream war cry.
we scream war cry.
Battle rage comes. so all must die.
Not good fight.
Too easy.
We swore never to return.
You can never trust a human.
Poor workers. greedy eaters.
Skinny and soft.
But it's now too late.
When my warpack arrives...
We will wipe you out for good.
I have had enough of your nonsense.
War Is Coming
War cry. we are near...
Hurry!
Terrible backhand.
More!
Bring me Anger!
Bring me Death!
Good to get my fury up.
You flippy-floppys did good.
I'm even sweating.
An excellent workout.
Strong forearm.
Still my backhand struggles...
Lack of battle practise. probably.
More killing without me?!
You all have no metal to steal.
No gems for the shaman.
You are cheap pickings.
A workout. yes. but not a real battle.
Finally.
He kneels for his superiors. Good.
He will bring us war?
Humans love revenge.
Excellent backhand.
Heal the blood.
I shall kill this one too.
orcish sign language
(flat blade up = my kill)
You do not give me orders!
Why can i understand you?
We are linked now.
Did you see my backhand?